Clarify the env requirements in CONTRIBUTING.md (#2281)
Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines: CONTRIBUTING.md

* JDK >= 11 referred to by the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable.
* JDK 1.6 referred to by the `JDK_16` environment variable. 
  It is OK to have `JDK_16` pointing to a non 1.6 JDK (e.g. `JAVA_HOME`) for external contributions.
* JDK 1.8 referred to by the `JDK_18` environment variable. Only used by nightly stress-tests. 

>   It is OK to have `JDK_18` to a non 1.6 JDK (e.g. `JAVA_HOME`) for external contributions.

Reviewer: This looks like a copy paste mistake.
```suggestion
  It is OK to have `JDK_18` to a non 8 JDK (e.g. `JAVA_HOME`) for external contributions.
```
